Welcome, Concord.
Glad you're here.
Welcome to streaming online and all of our campus.
We're excited.
I ask you to take your Bibles now and turn to John's Gospel, chapter five and verse 17.
Hope you had a good week and hope you're anticipating a great week ahead.
Lots of things going on.
But I have a question for you today as we begin to look at this text.
And it's the question of, can you see that God is at work?
In our world,
around the world.
There's a lot of views of God, a lot of views of God all over the world.
There are some people who would maybe call themselves atheists, right?
They don't believe that God even exists.
There are others who sort of are practicing or maybe even call themselves as a deist.
Somebody believes that there's a big guy up there somewhere, maybe the creator, maybe the most high, maybe the spirit in the sky, whatever deist, but sort of a hands off.
kind of a God.
That would be their view that the God sort of got everything going, but then just sort of hands off.
So there's atheists, there's deists, there's polytheists.
Polytheists, see, God's everywhere.
And they think God of this, God of that.
I mean, old fashioned, God of the thunder, God of the lightning, God of the trees, God of the rocks, God of the rivers, God of the harvest, God of birth and all these kind of things.
And then there's those who are monotheists, right?
One God.
But even in monotheism, there's different branches, you know, and so you have Islam and Judaism and of course Christianity, monotheists, one God, but you have to ask, what do they believe about Jesus, right?
And how does that all fit together and what does the Bible teach?
And of course Christianity.
Christianity would not be a religion per se, but it's a relationship with Christ.
And although I know there are many who are calling us as Christian who would talk about and just using the word religion.
So in our religiously pluralistic society, here's my first question, I like three questions to get a start.
In this religiously pluralistic society, meaning there's lots of different religions in which we live, how shall we live and speak about Jesus?
Because quite frankly, let's be honest, in America right now, it is very politically correct to be spiritual.
And it's even okay to talk about God.
But you start mentioning Jesus and the Bible, and there's a dividing line.
And people will turn you off in a heartbeat, and they'll call you, they'll call you narrow-minded, they'll call you all sorts of names.
I mean, how many times, whether it be the Grammys or the Emmys or any award show, you get somebody up there who says, blankety, blank, blank, I wanna thank God for blankety, I'm like, whoa, what was that?
Right?
Because again, people, this syncretism, this religiously pluralistic kind of society in which we live.
So how do we live and speak about Jesus?
And then with the needs of the world, being so many, here's the second question, can we really see evidence of God at work?
So you look around the world and you see poverty, you see crime, you see wars, you see division, you see greed, you see hunger, you see disease, you see all these sorts of problems, you see natural disasters, you see all this stuff.
And you say, is there actually evidence of God at work?
Good question, we need to look at.
And then the third question is this, if he is at work, what should we be doing to join him?
So if he is at work, if God is at work, I'm gonna try to make the argument from Scripture, it's more that he is at work.
If he is at work, how should we join him?
And then a follow up question of that is, does he actually need us?
So really good questions, right?
Really good questions.
I went on a mission trip.
I was in Thailand in Bangkok and I was meeting with some missionaries and we're having a conference and serving.
And as you get off the train, the elevated train and you're going down to some of you men and ladies would love Bangkok because they're malls, shopping malls, the seven stories high.
I'm not kidding.
You can't imagine how much stuff you don't need are in these malls.
It's just crazy.
But you get off the train and you go down the stairs and everybody on their way to work on the way home, whatever.
In Bangkok they have tied together Hinduism and Buddhism in some of the sections in such a way that you go by and they got this little outdoor temple that you stop by on the way home basically for good luck.
That would be, they're hoping to appease their God, their God's, you know, whatever.
They're trying to stay right with the universe.
But they would go by and somebody would sell them an incense candle and they would go and spend a few minutes and they go home with their day.
And so they think if they spend a few dollars, burn some incense, you know, think some nice things or whatever that things are gonna be right.
And that's sort of their view of the world.
And meanwhile, there's poverty all around them.
There's all sorts of wars.
There's all sorts of, I mean,
Bangkok is known for human trafficking and it's just horrible there and that place.
They need Jesus.
And so we'll get to that in just a moment of how God's at work there.
I wanna read one verse as we get started.
Would you stand with me please for the reading of God's word?
John chapter five and I wanna read verse 17.
The Bible says, Jesus responded to them.
My father is still working.
And I am working also.
Let's pray together.
Heavenly Father, we thank You for the words of Scripture.
They are our life.
They are our guide for living.
And Father, we pray through Your Holy Spirit to speak to our hearts today and our minds that we would leave this place more like Jesus.
Father, for those who are lost, I pray that today would be the day of their salvation.
And for those who are already saved, that today You would help us to see how You are at work
And you would show us individually how to join you in the work you're doing in the world all around us.
So we love you and we pray all this in Jesus' name, amen.
One of my favorite Bible studies I've ever done is called Experiencing God.
The long title of it is Experiencing God, Knowing and Doing the Will of God.
Henry Blackby Claude King wrote it years ago and it's still one of my favorites.
As a matter of fact, I've taken several groups
People through it.
So if you've never done that about say now they they make it as a book and you can just read it But I recommend actually the workbook is like five You know lessons a week that kind of thing you have to interact with the scriptures.
It's just powerful and I recommend it as a group So if you have a chance to do it, I would highly recommend that and in it dr. Blackaby focuses on this passage a lot and also the life of Moses and Abraham and how
and you see God at work in their lives and, of course, through Jesus.
And he talks about some of the things that we're gonna even talk about today.
But when I did that Bible study, it radically changed the way I saw God at work in the world.
I was always one of, I gotta go serve God, and then, that's my job, rather than to figure out, hey, God's working and he invites me to join him.
And that's what we're gonna talk about today.
God is at work.
Let me give you big point number one.
God is at work in amazing ways.
God is working in amazing ways.
Verse 17, Jesus makes it clear.
My father is still working and I am working also.
God, the father who created the universe was working all throughout the Old Testament period and the New Testament period and still is working to this day.
I will tell you that.
Verse 18 goes on, Jesus says,
or the Bible says about Jesus, this is why the Jews began trying all the more to kill him.
Not only was he breaking the Sabbath, but he was calling him, calling God his own father, making himself equal to God.
And then verse 21, Jesus says, over the last few weeks we've talked about how, and we've seen in the scripture how,
God used Jesus to raise Lazarus from the dead.
Even we talked about how Jesus raised the little boy back from sickness, the point of death, back to life.
We saw about Jesus healed people who had been, I mean, literally injured and paralyzed for 38 years.
We looked at that last weekend.
And now Jesus did all these great things.
But remember one of the greatest miracles that Jesus did in John chapter four and five was saving the Samaritan woman.
He saved her from her sins and all the people of Samaria that believed in him.
See, God is working in amazing ways.
Had an opportunity, had an opportunity a couple of times to go on a mission trip in the United States to Montana.
Montana, some of you have been in the big sky country, a beautiful part of the country.
A lot of Native American tribes settled there and so some of the, we were in Billings, Montana.
And so some of the children that we ministered to were from the various Native American tribes.
And just really good kids from tough situations and quite frankly their families don't worship Jesus.
They may have a religious culture but they definitely don't worship Jesus and don't know Him as their Lord and Savior.
We went there and I was invited to go and help to lead a sports camp.
the coach who requested me to go.
He knew I liked to play sports.
And here's a funny thing.
So you guys, you ever heard the phrase, you can't teach an old dog new tricks?
I disagree with that.
I went to this basketball camp and I've always played sports growing up, but I was never really a good basketball shooter.
I was never good at shooting the ball.
But I went and helped lead this third through eighth grade basketball camp.
And I listened to Coach Hall.
when he taught the kids about proper form and about fundamentals.
And I, listen to this, I got the award for most improved player of the week.
I did.
I beat out all the third graders.
It was awesome.
And this was just two years ago.
I'm not kidding.
You think I'm kidding.
It's an imaginary award, but I still, and the point was I learned how to be a better shooter.
But the reason we went, of course, was not only to teach these boys and girls how to play basketball,
But at the end of every session, we would tell them a Bible story, and then we would present the gospel.
And the most fun we had was not just seeing these boys and girls, and now Coach Hall is going back several years, and I've gone twice, my daughter went with me both times.
Not just see these kids get better at sports, but to see these kids who, on year one, when we said, who wants to receive Christ?
And man, to hear these little boys and girls praying out loud,
asking Jesus to become their Lord and Savior.
And now years later, they're still walking with the Lord.
That's evidence of God at work in amazing ways.
He's bringing salvation to the lost.
So you may want to say, what is God doing around the world?
Well, he's working in some amazing ways.
Number two is this.
You cannot do anything of eternal value on your own.
Verse 19, Jesus says about himself, Jesus replied, truly I tell you, the son is not able to do anything on his own, but only what he sees the father doing.
And then skip down to verse 30 for a second.
He says, I can do nothing on my own.
I judge only as I hear, and my judgment is just because I do not seek my own will, but the will of one who sent me.
You cannot do anything of eternal value on your own.
I know people who serve their community tirelessly, very well.
They may be doing it for a host of reasons.
They may be doing it because the community has needs.
They may be doing it because they have some free time.
They may be doing it to puff themselves up and make themselves look good.
There may be a lot of reasons.
They may be doing it because somebody else, you know, asked them to do it, whatever.
There's a lot of reasons.
But boy, if we want to do anything that's going to last for eternity, we need to ask God to fill us with his spirit and to help us to do it because the only things that are going to be done for eternal, with eternal value, the only things that are going to last for eternity are the things that God is doing through us.
I use the illustration, you know, it's getting close to Halloween and people be dressing up and that kind of things.
And I had a friend, he's a pastor and he used to say this way, he would say, listen, I wish
that I could scare people into heaven.
What do you mean by that?
He says, I wish that I could scare people into heaven.
In other words, and he would illustrate this way, he says, if I could just scare people into heaven, he said, I'd stand behind every corner and just go, boom.
You know, and it's just sort of a silly illustration to go, no, I can't do that.
But rather than that, I share the good news with them and ask God to speak through me and ask God to touch their hearts and to give them
and bring them salvation.
Help them to say yes to Jesus.
You know, you may say, man, I've worked in children's ministry, vacation Bible school as an usher, as a greeter, as a deacon, as a Bible say leader, all these things tirelessly in the community on mission trips.
But the question is, are you doing it for your glory or for God's?
Are you doing it in His power and strength or yours?
Because if it's just in yours, you're gonna get worn out.
And that fruit is not gonna last for eternity.
Jesus says about himself that he can't do anything of eternal value, except that God shows him what to do and that he can't do it on his own.
So if Jesus couldn't do it on his own, you sure can't do it on your own.
And I can't do it on my own.
We need God's help.
God is at work, but we can't do it on our own.
We can't do what he wants us to do on our own.
Number three is this.
God invites you to join him in his work.
It's really good news.
Jesus again verse 19, I want to read 19 and 20.
Truly I say, I tell you the son of man is not able to do anything on his own, but only what he sees the father doing.
That word see there is very important.
For what did the father does?
The son likewise does these things.
For the father loves the son and shows him, again key word, shows him everything he is doing and he will show him greater works than these
so that you will be amazed.
God invites you to join him in his work.
You say, well, how do I know when God has invited me?
Well, it's when he shows you something.
He helps you to see it.
You say, what do you mean by that?
Well, Coach Hall, I've just mentioned a couple of times, this basketball coach, he saw that there were boys and girls in Montana that needed to hear the gospel.
He saw a way to connect what he was good at, coaching sports, to the gospel, and he went because another pastor that he met told him about the need.
Now, other people heard about the same need and said, wow, somebody needs to go and do that.
But Coach Hall felt in his heart, God's calling me to go.
All right, back to Bangkok for a second.
Some of the missionaries that I met there, man, when they see the,
the human trafficking there.
They see the losses there.
You know, some people go there for business and they leave and go, man, that's a, that's a rough place.
Or there's a lot of needs there and things like that.
And they're not seen with their spiritual eyes.
The folks I met, man, everywhere they look, they see people that need Jesus and they develop then ministries.
And one of them that they're using there is teaching English as a second language to introduce the gospel to the people of Thailand, the people of Bangkok.
Who is there?
Who are there?
And so I would ask you, what is God showing you?
Who is God showing you that you should minister to?
It's not a question of does He want you to join Him?
It's a question of where does He want you to join Him to serve Him?
You know, there's some people who just say, man, every time I think about middle school students, I think of the great need to get the gospel to them and to minister to their needs.
Other people say, man, stay at home.
Moms have so many needs.
I could really minister to them.
You know, maybe you're a grandmother and you've been through that stage of life years ago and you're like, I could really help them.
There's other people who say, man, there's so many people who are homebound and they have these particular needs.
I can go minister to them.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
That God will show you.
And that's what Jesus said.
He says, I do what I see the Father doing.
And let me just say it this way, the eternal God of the universe invites you to join him in his work.
It's a pretty big deal.
God has plans for you, and as long as you're breathing, as long as you have life on this earth, He is not done with you yet.
Continue to serve Him.
He invites you to join Him in His work.
Number four, God's invitation is rooted in His love for you.
God's invitation is rooted in His love for you.
Did you notice at the beginning of verse 20, Jesus says,
For the Father loves the Son.
It shows him everything he is doing.
Hey, I got some good news for you.
These folks over here.
God loves you.
Good news for you.
Remember we asked the question, does God need us to do His work?
That's really not the question.
God loves you so much, He invites you to be part of His work.
If you've been on a mission trip or done ministry before, you may have said a statement like this.
You may have said, I get more out of it than they do.
The Bible says it's more blessed to give than receive.
There's so much that God does in you and through you when you pour out your lives to others and you join God in His work.
It doesn't feel like work.
It doesn't feel like a burden.
It may be challenging at time, but it's like God, it feels like I was created for this.
It's because you were.
God created you, and he loves you, and he saved you, that you might join him in his work to minister to the needs of others and get the gospel to the world.
It's why, as we're talking about even this morning, talking about next year's mission trips that conquer is gonna be part of.
And men, for you to be saying, God,
How can I join you in praying for those mission trips?
Maybe how can I join you by giving so that people can go on mission trips?
How can I participate by going on mission trips?
I mean, it's sending people, getting them to the end of the earth.
So God's invitation to you is rooted in his love for you.
He loves you so much that he invites you to join him in his work.
I mean, think about that.
God loves you so much that he doesn't just say, yeah, I'm gonna do stuff.
He doesn't just reserve his work for missionaries.
He doesn't just reserve his work for pastors or community group or policy leaders.
God absolutely invites every believer to be part of his work and that means you and you and you.
God loves you that much.
His invitation is rooted in his love for you.
Number five is this, God is at work.
You cannot honor God
If you do not honor Jesus, look at verse 23.
Let me just pause and say, you may be noticing today, today I'm skipping a few verses.
I'm not trying to skip over them.
They're just so much in this passage.
I don't have time to cover it all today.
I know you're already thinking, eight points, how does he get time for that?
So I'm trying.
Verse 23 says this.
So all, well verse 22, the Father, in fact, judges no one but has given all judgment to the Son so that all people may honor the Son just as they honor the Father.
Anyone who does not honor the Son does not honor the Father who sent him.
Let me just say it this way.
As I stated, you cannot honor God if you do not honor Jesus.
So if someone says they worship God but they don't worship Jesus,
they are not worshiping the God of the Bible.
When we look at the scriptures, we absolutely lift high the person of Jesus.
God in the flesh, it's what he was talking about earlier when he says, I and the Father are one.
When they recognize that, he said, I'm God in the flesh, come to the earth to live a perfect life, a life of holiness, a life of serving, a life of sacrifice.
But Jesus came down across and to rise from the dead.
to offer salvation to everyone who believes.
So when we concord, when we as Christians say, we love God, we are honoring Jesus, the Son of God, we are saying you need to honor Jesus.
And that's what the Bible says here.
You cannot honor God if you do not honor Jesus.
So if someone wants to talk about they worship God, I love the way Dr. Blackamy does say it in experiencing God.
He says, listen, if people will talk to you about God,
then that shows that they are a spiritual person and God is working on their heart.
And so if they are open to hearing about God, and that's one of the reasons these boys and girls in Billings, Montana, who have a cultural and a family awareness of God, the spirit in the sky, they say yes.
When they understand clearly who Jesus is, they say yes to Him.
because they understand that Jesus is the one who came to save us from our sin.
And so, but a person who doesn't honor God, Jesus is not truly honoring God.
Number six is this, God is at work.
Number six, God gives salvation to those who believe.
Verse 24, truly I tell you, anyone who hears my word and believes in him who sent me has eternal life and will not come under judgment but has passed from death to life.
the picture in that verse.
Jesus says, anyone who hears my words and believes in me has passed from death to life.
They're from darkness to life, but from death to life.
That's why all of the miracles that we've already been talking about in John's Gospel, a miracle like raising Lazarus from the dead, is a picture of spiritually how Jesus can take someone who is lost to their sins
and give them eternal life.
They are now alive in Christ.
And so my question to you is, have you passed from death to life?
And if you're thinking about joining God in His work, it's not just to do good things in the world, but it's to help people go from death to life, from spiritual death to spiritual life.
Those are the kinds of ministries we need to be part of.
Thailand, Bangkok, English is the second language.
Guess what?
English is not the ultimate goal.
Salvation is the ultimate goal.
English is the tool to get people connected to Jesus so they will listen to the gospel.
And so I don't know what it is that God may be calling you to do.
Maybe you're already serving in ministry.
Maybe God's laying something new on your heart that you're not doing yet in a deep burden and you're like, maybe even this passage inspires you to take a next step of faith and obedience.
But whatever we're doing, remember the ultimate goal, God is at work is to bring salvation to those who believe.
I'm so grateful that our mission trips, I'm so grateful that our missionaries that are being sent out absolutely are going to the ends of the earth to tell the gospel, which brings us to point number seven.
In a dark world, God calls us to shine brightly for Jesus.
I want to read verse 35 and then I want to jump back to Matthew's gospel just for a moment.
Chapter five verse 35, the Bible says, John was a burning and shining lamp and you were willing to rejoice for a while in his light.
There's no doubt that the person of John the Baptist was a light and he was pointing people to Jesus.
Here's what Jesus says in John five verse 16 about us.
In the same way, let your light shine before others so they may see your good works and give glory
to your Father in heaven.
It didn't say they will see your good works and tell everybody how wonderful you are.
They will see your good works and give glory to your Father in heaven.
And we've already said from this passage that they're honoring Jesus, the Son.
And so, we're to shine brightly in this dark world.
You know, when I think about Bangkok and Thailand, I do think about the darkness that's there.
But man, those missionaries that are serving there, the believers that are there, man, they shine brightly.
People notice a difference.
They notice a difference about their even personality, their persona, the difference about their attitude.
Definitely a difference in how they live a life of holiness when everybody else is not.
They have hope when nobody else does.
One example that I can give in a very concrete way about
darkness and light.
A few years ago, it took some teenagers for a few years, took some teenagers year after year, spelunking, exploring caves in the Lost Sea Caverns in Tennessee.
And man, it's great.
It's fun.
You go in there, and man, it's dark.
You go downstairs that have been carved into the rocks, and you are down, I mean, and it's dark.
They close the door,
And they've actually got a lighted path for tourists.
And in that lighted path, you literally, I mean, you get mud on your shoes, but that's it.
Then they have the wilderness tour and the wilderness tour.
I mean, it's crazy.
You bring clothes that you're going to throw away because you're going to be crawling through tight spaces.
If you're like claustrophobic, you don't need to go.
You're going to be climbing on ledges and you'll look way down and be like, I'm not going to fall on that.
You roll.
in mud.
They call one of them bubblegum alley because you just get mud.
It's like you're just rolling in mud and just, you know, sticky, sticky, sticky all the way around.
I mean, it's so much that at the end of the thing we would go change clothes and we'd throw our clothes into a bonfire and then we realized dirt doesn't burn.
And so that didn't work so good.
But one of the things that we would do, and it was a little mischievous, but it illustrates the point.
Our tour guide, college kid,
He'd be like, okay, y'all, because we'd already done the tourist part, and then we're up in this other section on the wilderness, and the tourist thing, we can hear them, they can't see us, and if we get real quiet, they can't hear us.
And so he said, y'all be quiet.
He says, they're about to do the part on the tour where they turn the light off, because when you turn all the lights off, you can't even see, I mean, your hand right in front of your face.
It's pitch black.
He says, I tell you what, because
You know, when you're in a dark place like that, you turn all the lights off.
I mean, just a little light shines really brightly, right?
And he says, here's what we're going to do.
Everybody get a rock.
Just a rock bigger for your hand.
And so we got a rock, and he says, turn your flashlight off.
Turn the flashlight off.
He says, we're going to turn the lights off.
And he says, three, two, we can hear them on the tour, right?
Three, two, one.
We turn the lights off.
Everything was off.
We rolled our rocks down the hill.
And then we ran the other way.
It sounded like an earthquake.
You have never heard people scream so much in all your life.
I don't even know what languages they were screaming at, man.
They were just screaming, right?
Because they didn't know what was happening.
But you take that same scenario, and you light a candle.
And all of a sudden, everybody can see.
They can see that everything's okay.
I will say to you, God may be sending you, like he's sent some of our missionaries.
The missionaries we support through the International Mission Board,
other missionaries.
Man, they go to some of the darkest places of the world.
People where, I mean places where people don't know Jesus, places where it's sometimes even dangerous for the gospel.
They willingly go because they're shining a light for Christ.
Like a little flashlight, like a flicker of a light, but man in a dark place that light shines brightly.
I will say to middle school students, high school students, college students,
adults in your workplace, in your communities.
Man, you may say, nobody that I know around me is believer.
Welcome to Jesus.
Man, you shine your light and it will reflect the light of Christ and it'll shine bright.
You will see that God is at work
through you and putting a lot of these things together.
God invites you to join him in his work.
He shows you where he wants you to serve him.
He fills you.
His invitation is rooted in love.
We honor Jesus, and we see God working in amazing ways, bringing people to faith in Christ.
Number eight is this.
I just couldn't leave this passage without saying this one.
God is at work when you pour over the scriptures.
Don't miss Jesus.
You know, these Jewish leaders were really good at reading the Old Testament.
Many of them may have had it memorized.
I don't know when's the last time you memorized Leviticus, but it is not easy.
They poured over the scriptures.
They totally missed Jesus.
A few years ago, I preached five messages called the Gospel in Leviticus, just showing Jesus all through that book of the Bible.
When you read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation,
Don't just read it for information.
Man, look for Jesus on every page.
Look for Jesus because He is the hero.
Verse 39, Jesus says, you pour over the scriptures because you think you have eternal life in them and yet they testify about me.
And then skip down verse 46.
He says, for if you believed Moses, tell them about the Old Testament, you would believe me because He wrote about me.
But if you don't believe what he wrote, how will you believe my words?
One of the greatest thing I've heard recently is one of the men in our church who he just gotten out of the habit of daily Bible reading.
And may God just been speaking to him over the last few weeks.
And he told me last Sunday, he said, Hey, one of the things I want to let you know, just encourage you.
I've been getting this book out and reading it every day.
Hey guys, God will transform your life through his word.
And I will say to you, when you read the Bible, look for Jesus.
Look for Jesus.
Look for, I mean pictures of Christ and look for how that passage points you to Jesus and his great work for us and his grace in the gospel.
And so my question to us as we close the day is really this.
Where do you see God at work around you?
And how will you join him in his work?
This is a message, this is a text that calls us to obedience.
It's not for us to sit on the sidelines and say, I'll let other people serve God.
No, it's for all of us every day and through some regular intentional ministry that may not happen every day, but regularly, every week, every month, whatever.
But I'm gonna ask you this question one more time and then we're gonna pray.
Where do you see God at work and how will you join him?
If you don't see that he's at work, I ask you, are you believer?
because the first work he may need to do this morning is to bring salvation to your life.
Let's pray together.
Heads are bowed and eyes are closed.
Do you know Jesus as your Lord and Savior?
I pray that you do, and if you do, I'll ask those questions one more time.
Where do you see God at work?
And will you join him?
Maybe you notice,
Children middle school high school college and you wonder why doesn't everybody else see that?
Maybe that's because that's what God particularly is calling you to do to serve him Will you respond and take a next step to serving him?
Maybe it's a local community ministry.
Maybe it is a mission trip Will you be obedient?
Maybe it's being an usher on the praise team
Maybe it's serving in our church on Sundays in particular way in the parking lot, children's ministry, preschool.
There's a lot of ministries.
Where do you see God at work?
And will you join them?
On our campus, in our communities, and around the world.
And now I ask you, is Jesus your Lord and Savior?
You're watching online, you're in this room, even on one of our campuses.
Is Jesus the Lord and Savior of your life?
Are you saved?
Has he forgiven you your sins?
Have you trusted in him as your Lord and Savior?
If you have not yet done that, would you today believe on Christ, believe in him as your Lord and Savior, trusting that he died for you on the cross to pay the penalty for your sin, and he rose from the dead, victory over death and the grave, and he will give you eternal life.
He'll forgive you your sins and give you eternal life today.
Will you trust in Him?
If you need to be saved, right now, the youngest person in the room to the oldest, if you need to be saved, right now would you pray to Him and say, Jesus, save me.
Jesus, I commit my life to you.
I believe that you died for me in Rosalind from the dead.
And right now by faith, I trust you as my Lord is safe here.
If you just did that or you need to do that, in a moment when we stand and we sing, would you step out from where you're seated and where you'll be standing?
Just come to me and one of the other pastors say today, I want to give my life to Christ.
We and some of the other leaders of the church want to help you with that most important decision.
There may be others in the room.
You've been saved recently, but you've never been baptized.
We want to help get that set up as soon as possible.
that you can declare to the world of your faith in Jesus through believers baptism.
Would you come and let us know that decision?
Thirdly, there may be others who would say, today I'm ready to become a member to start this process to be a member of Concord.
You come today and we'll help to get that process started as well.
So I wanna pray, we'll stand and ask you to come for salvation, baptism, church membership, or any other reason.
If you'd like to come and pray with us,
we can help you.
Lord Jesus, we love you.
We thank you for speaking to us through your word.
We ask that each one of us now would respond in faith and obedience to what you're calling us to do.
In Jesus' name we pray.
Amen.
Please stand.
You come.